[Music]
inspired by the iconic TV show Miami
Vice throws you into the role as either
sunny or Ricardo both undercover
detectives tasked with dismantling a
powerful drug cartel at its core the
game is a third person action shooter
but it incorporates elements that
elevate it Beyond simple runand gun
experience the cover-based shooting
mechanics are fluid allowing for
strategic combat encounters that feel
both tense and engaging and with the
game offering a range of weapons from
handguns to powerful shotguns you can
approach each mission in a variety of
ways but what sets the game apart is its
unique reputation system as you complete
missions you build your street cred
which unlocks better weapons equipment
and access to higher tier emissions this
system encourages replayability as
you're want to improve your rank to
dominate the entire city and the game
also manages to incorporate light RPG
elements allowing players to manage
their undercover operations you can
purchase and sell illicit substances but
you've got to be careful as your choices
can impact your standing with different
factions and influence the story's
outcome this feature alone adds an
element of moral ambiguity and
reinforces the high Saks nature of being
an undercover C when it comes to the
game's athetic the developers absolutely
nailed the show's atmosphere with
vibrant locations such as neon lit
cityscapes and a pulsating soundtrack
you'll find yourself cruising through CD
docks upscale nightclubs and huge
mansions with each of them oozing with
the Glamour and danger of Miami's
criminal underworld whether you're
reliving The Glory Days of the TV show
or checking out the world of Miami Vice
for the first time this game is a must
play for fans of action and crime
dramas ever since its humble beginnings
on the PlayStation the summon Night
Series has gone on to become one of my
favorite RPG series and the fifth entry
on the PSP is one of its best at the
heart of summon Night 5 is its
intriguing story which is set in a world
where powerful creatures known as
summons exist and form contracts with
humans of course like any other RPG
combat is where the game either succeeds
or fails and summon kn5 takes on a
strategic turn-based setup with each
battle taking place on a grid here
you've got to move your characters
across the battlefield utilizing attacks
magic and special abilities with each of
your party members having their own
distinct set of skills including basic
attacks powerful spells and summons
which can be used in combination to
defeat enemies the key to success in
battle is knowing how to use your
summons effectively for example some of
them can heal your allies While others
specialize in offensive magic or AOE
attacks and as the game progresses you
can customize and level up your summons
making them even more powerful it's not
all just about simply fighting though as
the relationships between your
characters play a crucial role in the
game as well as your characters grow
closer their combat abilities are
enhanced which ties into your overall
progression with the bonding system
becoming just as important as the
battles themselves with its cast of
lovable characters beautiful visuals and
compelling gameplay summon Life 5 is an
absolute must for fans of RPGs and the
series as a
whole Neo Geo Hero's ultimate shooting
is a love letter to classic arcade
shooters that draws on the incredible
history of the SNK brand and presents
what is perhaps one of the best Shooters
available on the PSP one of the standout
features of the game is its cast of
playable characters all of which are
drawn from snk's Iconic games fans of
King of Fighters Samurai Showdown Metal
Slug and other Neo geoc classics will
immediately recognize beloved characters
Each of which comes with their own
unique abilities weapons and play Styles
giving you the freedom to choose a hero
that best fits your preferred tactics
each character's distinct move set and
special attacks are designed to
complement the bullet hell gameplay
making the game feel both fresh and
familiar for example Terry's fast and
aggressive fighting style translates
into Quick powerful attacks while M's
agile and acrobatic abilities allow it
to perform highflying tricks that can
clear entire waves of enemies now each
stage is packed with enemies bullet
patterns and challenging obstacles and
the sheer volume of projectiles flying
at you from all directions make it a
chaotic EXP experience but the controls
and mechanics are designed to ensure
that you'll never feel overwhelmed or
out of control of course boss fights are
one of the key highlights that come in
all shapes and sizes from mechanical
behemoths to monstrous creatures each
one has a unique set of attacks that
require different strategies to defeat
with its diverse cast of characters
exciting gamep play stunning visuals and
intense bullet hell action Neo Geo
ultimate shooting is incredibly hard to
put down so if you're a fan of the
company or just Shooters in General it's
one game you do not want to
miss Gundam NEX plus is an arcade
brawler that builds upon the solid
foundation of its predecessor while
introducing new features that make it a
must play for fans of the Gundam
franchise sadly it never made its way
outside of Japan but the way in which
the game is set up it's easy for
non-japanese speakers to get into the
action and understand what is going on
the game pulls from nearly every corner
of the Gundam Universe featuring mobile
suits and pilot from the original Mobile
Suit Gundam series to newer entries like
Gundam unicorn and with over 50 mobile
suits to choose from fans can relive
iconic battles or create dream matchups
between their favorite characters and
machines naturally each of them feel
unique with distinct abilities weaponry
and fighting styles whether you're
looking for Speed all out power or even
a blend of both there's a machine to
suit each approach now when it comes to
the gam playay itself combat is
fast-paced but never overwhelming
striking a perfect balance between
between accessibility for newcomers and
depth for experienced players the
variety of move sets and special
abilities ensures that no to battles
ever feel the same from long range beam
attacks to Close Quarters melee combos
you can experiment with different
tactics to gain the upper hand and the
dynamic battlefields complete with
destructible environments add another
layer of strategy to the fights and
using them to your advantage is one of
the main ways to come out on top
complimenting all of this are the
customization options that allow you to
Tinker with your machine's performance
and athetics and with so many different
items to unlock there's plenty of
reasons to keep coming back to the game
once you've made your way through it
with its addictive gameplay and nonon
endless replay ability NEX plus is well
worth picking
up sat in a dystopian future where
resources are scarce State shift places
players in the role of fearless races
who risk it all in a high state
competition the game's atmosphere is
gritty and intense reflecting a will on
the brink of collapse with the track
environments reinforcing this narrative
featuring industrial wastelands neonlit
cities and desolate Landscapes all
designed with striking visual flare now
what helps State shift Stand Out is the
mechanic that's at the center of its
gameplay and that's the ability to shift
your vehicle between several different
states you've got a speed mode which
increases your top speed an aggressive
mode that increases the vehicle strength
allowing you to Ram your opponents and
cause damage a glide mode that improves
your handling and reduce reduces your
weight making it perfect for navigating
sharp turns and jumps and finally The
Shield mode that protects your vehicle
from damage and is crucial when racing
through dangerous areas or under heavy
fire from aggressive Rivals the ability
to seamlessly switch between these
states adds the truly strategic element
to reach race whether you're trying to
escape a tight pack defend yourself from
attacks or Master a tricky section of
the track the state shifting mechanic
ensures that every race is just as
engaging as the last now the game's
career mode offers a satisfying
progression system to make your way
through allowing you to unlock new
tracks vehicles and upgrades as you
climb the ranks on top of this you've
got plenty of other modes to get stuck
into as well such as time trials
elimination events and multiplayer
ensuring that there's plenty of replay
value if you decide to jump back in
after completing it overall the game's
combination of challenging gameplay
Sleek visuals and a pulsating soundtrack
makes it a must play for fans of
futuristic racing games like wipe out
and f-zero
[Music]
tenu Shadow assassins sees you taking on
the role of the iconic ninja duer Rick
amaru and Yami as they embark on a
journey to rescue their kidnapped Lord
and restore peace to their Clan much
like the previous game stealth is at the
core of its gameplay and each mission is
like a puzzle requiring you to study
enemy patrols use the environment to
your advantage and execute your targets
with Precision of course you've got a
variety of tools and weapons to help you
succeed from smoke bombs shurik T and
grappling hooks allowing you to approach
each Challenge in a number of creative
ways from infiltrating heavily guarded
castles to navigating treacherous
forests under the cover of night there's
plenty of variety when it comes to each
Mission ensuring your journey through
the game never begins to feel stale what
makes the missions even more engaging is
the freedom to choose your path whether
you want to eliminate every guard in
your way or slip past undetected the
game accommodates for these different
play Styles now visually for a PSP game
tenu shadow assassin is truly impressive
the environments are beautifully
designed with a strong emphasis on
atmosphere from moonlit Courtyards to
Misty Mountain temples every location
feels alive and authentic capturing the
essence of feudal Japan the character
models and animations are smooth and
fluid especially during stealth kills
which is Cinematic and satisfying to
watch as they play out overall for fans
of stealth games and those who
appreciate a well executed narrative
Shadow assassins is a must play it
honors the legacy of the series while
standing is a unique and Polished title
on the
PSP freak out extreme free ride brings
you into the world of extreme skiing
where boundaries are non-existent and
the mountains are your playground unlike
traditional skiing games that confine
you to groom slopes and races freakout
places you on Untamed snow covered Peaks
where creativity and skill are your best
allies the game features six expansive
and beautifully designed Mountain
environments each offering its own
unique challenges and visual style what
makes them special is the variety of
paths and routes available you can stick
to safer Trails or take more dangerous
shortcuts to rack up higher scores and
reach hidden areas but the game's trick
system is at the heart of its gameplay
with a huge variety of tricks to perform
and the ability to link them into Combos
and pulling off a perfectly timed grab
or a massive 1080 spin feels extremely
satisfying especially when you stick The
Landing after a huge jump of course
there's several modes to try out as well
with the main career being the real
highlight it's all split up into a
series of missions Each of which
presents specific objectives to complete
such as reaching a high score performing
certain tricks or racing against the
clock as you progress you'll slowly
unlock different outfits skis and
accessories that can affect your
performance on the slopes and give you
an incentive to work through everything
the game has to offer with its
combination of open-ended gameplay
diverse environments and its rewarding
trick system freakout is on par with the
lik of SSX and Tony Hawks Pro Skater so
for any fans of extreme sports this one
is definitely worth checking
out at the heart of star Roan first
departure is a classic tale of Adventure
courage and friendship and it sees you
taken up the fight as rodic a young
swordsman from a peaceful Village who is
freshed into a world saving quest after
a strange illness spreads across the
planet while the premise may sound like
a typical RPG plot The Narrative soon
opens up and delivers one of the most
intriguing and heartfelt Journeys in the
series by combining sci-fi and more
traditional elements that create a
refreshing and unique atmosphere for its
World on the gameplay front one of the
best features of first departure is its
realtime battle system the game allows
for basic attacks special abilities and
Powerful combos all of which can be
strategically combined to maximize your
damage and control the flow of battle
the AI for your party members does a
good job as well allowing them to make
Intelligent Decisions on the your own
but you can also intervene and issue
specific commands during combat ensuring
that you have full control when you need
it most the battles are complemented by
a rich skill and ability system where
you can level up your character stats
and acquire new abilities as you
progress through the game as you would
guess each of them have specific roles
such as healers or a focus on physical
attacks so growing them equally is
essential to holding your R throughout
one of the more challenging boss fights
that appear later on in the adventure
when it comes down to it first depart is
a fantastic remake of the original and
with its captivating story memorable
characters and fast-paced realtime
combat the game offers an outstanding
RPG Adventure that's definitely one of
the best in the series making it a real
stand out on the
PSP Unbound Saga is a beat M up that
flew well under the radar upon its
release and it's a real shame as it's
easily one of the best examples of the
genre the game takes place in a world
that feels like a comic book brought to
life with the player taking on the role
of Rick a typical comic book hero tough
fearless and armed with a snarky
attitude what makes it quite humorous is
that he's well aware that he exists
within the confines of a comic book and
the dialogue and story beats soon become
one of the game's strongest aspects now
the core gameplay in Unbound Saga
revolves around traditional beat M
combat you'll fight your way through a
series of linear levels filled with
waves of enemies and have the ability to
pull off a series of light and heavy
attacks special moves and com comos that
are easy to execute but rewarding to
master some enemies are straightforward
and could be taken down with basic
combos While others are stronger and
require more tactical thinking such as
exploiting their weaknesses or dodging
their attacks while the game's combat
system is pretty Bare Bones it still
offers some depth in terms of
progression and upgrades as you fight
through the levels you'll earn points
that can be used to upgrade your fighter
whether it's by increasing your health
attack power or unlocking new special
moves all together while it may not be
as widely recognized as other PSP games
Unbound Saga is a great game that stands
out for its creativity and sense of fun
so if you're a fan of be him UPS or
comic book inspired stories you'll find
a lot of love here with its unique
premise great combat and humorous story
it's by far one of the best PSP hidden
gems so if you can find it for a good
price don't hesitate in picking it
up Paton 3 continues the series unique
blend of Rhythm based gameplay strategy
and action and with its captivating art
style upbeat music and Innovative
mechanics it's easily one of the PSP's
best hidden gems it sees you leading a
tribe of creatures known as the patons
through various Levels by drumming out
Commands to control their movements
attacks and defense The Innovation lies
in the way the Beats dictate the flow of
the game and you control the paton's
every action by pressing one of four
drum beats each corresponding to a
different command the Rhythm and tempo
of the music are essential and
synchronizing with the beat allows the
patons to execute their actions with
Precision making timing and Rhythm
crucial to your progression for example
the pat beat is used to command your
army to March forward the pawn beat
tells your troops to attack and the
chaker beat causes your units to defend
one of the standard features of patapon
3 though is the addition of a new Fever
Mode when your timing is perfect and you
achieve a consistent Rhythm your patons
enter this state where they become more
powerful and much faster this mode feels
incredibly rewarding and on on top of
this you now have the ability to
customize them all with different skills
and equipment for example you can
upgrade your unit's Health attack power
or defense to better suit your strategy
which adds a level of depth I was
missing from the previous games so if
you've played The Originals or fancy
trying out something a bit different on
the PSP then Paton 3 is definitely one
of the most unique games the console
ever received and if you're a fan of
Rhythm based games it will not
disappoint well that does it for today's
video keep an eye out for part three fre
is that will be coming up soon so don't
forget to subscribe and hit that Bell to
get notified about new videos which
release every Monday and Thursday you
can follow me on all of the socials
which are linked below to stay up to
date and also join my growing community
on Discord to meet many like-minded
gamers to continue the conversation with
I'd like to give a special shout out to
my patreon supporters Rhino skill Jim
shudan Richard Amy Daniel Dio Omar
Strider Pierre K awesome jacket dude
Maximus Scott Alfred Terry Ryan Alex
GameCube Galaxy K Salman fake and Patty
J for their continued support that helps
make these videos possible if you're
interested in joining my Discord or
supporting the channel through patreon
you'll find all of these links down
below as always thanks for taking the
time to check the video out I'll catch
you next time
[Music]
[Applause]